feat(clerk-js,ui,shared): route <ConfigureSSO /> through org-scoped enterprise_connections (#8671)
clerk/javascript: .changeset/orgs-1597-configure-sso-org-scoped.md

---
'@clerk/ui': minor
'@clerk/shared': minor
---

> `<ConfigureSSO />` now calls the org-scoped enterprise connections endpoints via `organization.*EnterpriseConnection*` methods. Previously, the wizard called `user.*EnterpriseConnection*` against the `/me/*` paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Internal `<ConfigureSSO />` refactor to call new org-scoped enterprise connections FAPI endpoints, replacing the `/me/` deprecated scope
```

Changing the copy a bit here to denote that this is an internal change, not important for external consumers

> `<ConfigureSSO />` now calls the org-scoped enterprise connections endpoints via `organization.*EnterpriseConnection*` methods. Previously, the wizard called `user.*EnterpriseConnection*` against the `/me/*` paths.

Reviewer: Also let's use the automatic generated snapshot naming with `pnpm run changeset`
